Added release notes for Media streaming agents (#24318)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/streaming-browser-release-notes/streaming-browser-agent-shaka-26-03-09.mdx

                Attribute
            </th>
            <th style={{ width: "220px" }}>
                Source
            </th>
            <th>
                Description
            </th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>
                `contentManifestBitrate`
            </td>
            <td>
                `stats.streamBandwidth`
            </td>
            <td>
                Total variant bitrate (video + audio) as declared in the manifest (Indicated Bitrate).
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                `contentMeasuredBitrate`
            </td>
            <td>
                `stats.estimatedBandwidth`
            </td>
            <td>
                Estimated network bandwidth measured by Shaka's ABR algorithm (Observed Bitrate).
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                `contentDownloadBitrate`
            </td>
            <td>
                `(bytesDownloaded × 8) / playTime`
            </td>
            <td>
                Effective download throughput across all downloaded media.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

> Additionally, `contentBitrate` has been updated to use `track.videoBandwidth` (video-only bitrate), differentiating it from the other metrics that report combined video + audio bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `contentBitrate` uses `track.videoBandwidth` (video-only bitrate) to differentiate it from other metrics that report combined video and audio bandwidth.
```

> ## QoE (Quality of Experience) support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quality of Experience (QoE) support
```

        <tr>
            <td>
                `totalRebufferingTime`
            </td>
            <td>
                Total time spent rebuffering (ms).
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                `rebufferingRatio`
            </td>
            <td>
                Rebuffering time as a percentage of total playtime.
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                `totalPlaytime`
            </td>
            <td>
                Total content playtime (ms).
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                `numberOfErrors`
            </td>
            <td>
                Total number of errors during the session.
            </td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

## Shaka Player 5.x compatibility

The tracker is now compatible with both Shaka Player 4.x and 5.x:

- `getPlayerVersion()` resolves version across both major versions.
- `onError()` handles both Shaka player errors (`e.detail`) and HTML video element errors (`e.target.error`).
- Sample files updated for Shaka 5.x (removed deprecated `shaka.polyfill.installAll()`, updated player instantiation).

## Upgrade guide

> No breaking changes. Simply update to 4.0.3:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following following to update:
```
